Trainer Feats	
Actor	Add 1 in Cha., advantage on Deception and Performance checks, mimic the speech of a person or the sounds made by a creature.
Alert	Always on the lookout for danger, you gain the following benefits:  You gain a +5 bonus to initiative.  You can't be surprised while you are conscious.  Other creatures don't gain advantage on attack rolls against you as a result of being unseen by you.
Athlete	Add 1 in Str. or Dex., you stand up and climb more quickly, and you can jump with only a 5-ft run.
Capture Specialist	Add your proficiency bonus to capture rolls.
Charger	As part of the Dash action you can make a melee attack with a +5 bonus if you move at least 10 ft before.
Chef	Add 1 in Con. or Wis., proficiency with cook's utensils and cook special food to regain hp.
Crusher	You are practiced in the art of crushing your enemies, granting you the following benefits:  Increase your Strength or Constitution by 1, to a maximum of 20.  Once per turn, when you hit a creature with an attack that deals bludgeoning damage, you can move it 5 feet to an unoccupied space, provided the target is no more than one size larger than you.  When you score a critical hit that deals bludgeoning damage to a creature, attack rolls against that creature are made with advantage until the start of your next turn.
Defensive Duelist	Prerequisite: Dexterity 13 or higher When you are wielding a finesse weapon with which you are proficient and another creature hits you with a melee attack, you can use your reaction to add your proficiency bonus to your AC for that attack, potentially causing the attack to miss you.
Dual Wielder	You master fighting with two weapons, gaining the following benefits:  You gain a +1 bonus to AC while you are wielding a separate melee weapon in each hand.  You can use two-weapon fighting even when the one handed melee weapons you are wielding aren't light.  You can draw or stow two one-handed weapons when you would normally be able to draw or stow only one.
Dungeon Delver	Alert to the hidden traps and secret doors found in many dungeons, you gain the following benefits:  You have advantage on Wisdom (Perception) and Intelligence (Investigation) checks made to detect the presence of secret doors.  You have advantage on saving throws made to avoid or resist traps.  You have resistance to the damage dealt by traps.  Traveling at a fast pace doesn't impose the normal −5 penalty on your passive Wisdom (Perception) score.
Durable	Hardy and resilient, you gain the following benefits:  Increase your Constitution score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  When you roll a Hit Die to regain hit points, the minimum number of hit points you regain from the roll equals twice your Constitution modifier (minimum of 2).
Grappler	Prerequisite: Strength 13 or higher You've developed the skills necessary to hold your own in close-quarters grappling. You gain the following benefits:  You have advantage on attack rolls against a creature you are grappling.  You can use your action to try to pin a creature grappled by you. To do so, make another grapple check. If you succeed, you and the creature are both restrained until the grapple ends.
Great Weapon Master	Extra attack after a melee critical hit and you can choose to take -5 to attack roll to add +10 to damage with a heavy weapon.
Gunner	Add 1 in Dex., proficiency with firearms, ignore loading property of firearms and no disadvantage to attacks within 5 ft.
Heavily Armored	Add 1 in Str. and you gain proficiency with heavy armor.
Heavy Armor Master	Add 1 in Str. and bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing damage are reduced by 3 if you are wearing heavy armor.
Inspiring Leader	Up to 6 creatures within 30 ft of you can gain temporary hp equal to your level + your Cha. modifier.
Lightly Armored	Add 1 in Str. or Dex. and you gain proficiency with light armor.
Linguist	Add 1 in Int., you learn three languages, and you can ably create ciphers.
Lucky	You have inexplicable luck that seems to kick in at just the right moment. You have 3 luck points. Whenever you make an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, you can spend one luck point to roll an additional d20. You can choose to spend one of your luck points after you roll the die, but before the outcome is determined. You choose which of the d20s is used for the attack roll, ability check, or saving throw. You can also spend one luck point when an attack roll is made against you. Roll a d20 and then choose whether the attack uses the attacker's roll or yours. If more than one creature spends a luck point to influence the outcome of a roll, the points cancel each other out; no additional dice are rolled. You regain your expended luck points when you finish a long rest.
Medium Armor Master	No disadvantage to Stealth checks wearing medium armor and Dexterity bonus max to +3 instead of +2.
Mobile	Your speed increases by 10 feet.  When you use the Dash action, difficult terrain doesn't cost you extra movement on that turn.  When you make a melee attack against a creature, you don't provoke opportunity attacks from that creature for the rest of the turn, whether you hit or not.
Moderately Armored	Add 1 in Str. or Dex. and you gain proficiency with medium armor and shields.
Mounted Combatant	Advantage on melee attacks against unmounted creature and force an attack to target you instead of your mount.
Observant	Quick to notice details of your environment, you gain the following benefits:  Increase your Intelligence or Wisdom score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  If you can see a creature's mouth while it is speaking a language you understand, you can interpret what it's saying by reading its lips.  You have a +5 bonus to your passive Wisdom (Perception) and passive Intelligence (Investigation) scores.
Resilient	Choose one ability score. You gain the following benefits:  Increase the chosen ability score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  You gain proficiency in saving throws using the chosen ability.
Savage Attacker	Once per turn when you roll damage for a melee weapon attack, you can reroll the weapon's damage dice and use either total.
Sentinel	You have mastered techniques to take advantage of every drop in any enemy's guard, gaining the following benefits.  When you hit a creature with an opportunity attack, the creature's speed becomes 0 for the rest of the turn.  Creatures provoke opportunity attacks from you even if they take the Disengage action before leaving your reach.  When a creature makes an attack against a target other than you (and that target doesn't have this feat), you can use your reaction to make a melee weapon attack against the attacking creature.
Sharpshooter	Your ranged attacks ignore some cover, no disadvantage at long range, and possibility to take -5 to hit for +10 on ranged damage.
Shield Master	Attack also allows to shove, shield bonus to Dex. saving throws against spells, and no 1/2 damage on successful saving throw.
Skill Expert	You have honed your proficiency with particular skills, granting you the following benefits:  Increase one ability score of your choice by 1, to a maximum of 20.  You gain proficiency in one skill of your choice.  Choose one skill in which you have proficiency. You gain expertise with that skill, which means your proficiency bonus is doubled for any ability check you make with it. The skill you choose must be one that isn't already benefiting from a feature, such as Expertise, that doubles your proficiency bonus.
Skilled	You gain proficiency with three skills or tools.
Skulker	Prerequisite: Dexterity 13 or higher Ranged weapon attack doesn't reveal your position and possibility to hide in a lightly obscured area.
Telepathic	Add 1 in Int., Wis., or Cha., you can cast detect thoughts and you can speak telepathically to any creature within 60 ft.
Tough	Your hit point maximum increases by an amount equal to twice your level when you gain this feat. Whenever you gain a level thereafter, your hit point maximum increases by an additional 2 hit points.
	
	
	
	
Pokemon Feats	
Acrobat	You become more nimble, gaining the following benefits:  Increase your Dexterity score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  You gain proficiency in the Acrobatics skill. If you are already proficient in the skill, you add double your proficiency bonus to checks you make with it.  As a bonus action, you can make a DC 15 Dexterity (Acrobatics) check. If you succeed, difficult terrain doesn’t cost you extra movement until the end of the current turn.
Actor	Add 1 in Cha., advantage on Deception and Performance checks, mimic the speech of a person or the sounds made by a creature.
Alert	Add 5 to initiative, you can't be surprised, and creatures you don't see don't gain advantage on attack rolls against you.
Athlete	Add 1 in Str. or Dex., you stand up and climb more quickly, and you can jump with only a 5-ft run.
Brawny	You become stronger, gaining the following benefits:  Increase your Strength score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  You gain proficiency in the Athletics skill. If you are already proficient in the skill, you add double your proficiency bonus to checks you make with it.  You count as if you were one size larger for the purpose of determining your carrying capacity.
Charger (When using melee attacks)	As part of the Dash action you can make a melee attack with a +5 bonus if you move at least 10 ft before.
Durable	Add 1 in Con. and for each Hit Dice you regain a minimum of hit points equals to 2 x your Constitution modifier.
Mobile	Your speed increases by 10 ft, you can Dash on difficult terrain without malus, and don't provoke opportunity attacks in melee.
Observant	Add 1 in Int. or Wis., you can read lips, and you have a +5 bonus in passive Perception and passive Investigation.
Perceptive	You hone your senses until they become razor sharp. You gain the following benefits:  Increase your Wisdom score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  You gain proficiency in the Perception skill. If you are already proficient in the skill, you add double your proficiency bonus to checks you make with it.  Being in a lightly obscured area doesn’t impose disadvantage on your Wisdom (Perception) checks if you can both see and hear.
Quick-Fingered	Your nimble fingers and agility let you perform sleight of hand. You gain the following benefits:  Increase your Dexterity score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  You gain proficiency in the Sleight of Hand skill. If you are already proficient in the skill, you add double your proficiency bonus to checks you make with it.  As a bonus action, you can make a Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check to plant something on someone else, conceal an object on a creature, lift a purse, or take something from a pocket.
Resilient	Add 1 in one ability and you gain proficiency in saving throws using this ability.
Savage Attacker	You can reroll melee weapon attack damage once per long rest.
Sentinel	A successful OA reduces the creature's speed to 0 for this turn and gives the possibility to make an OA even if the enemy takes Disengage.
Skilled	You gain proficiency with one additional skill or tool.
Skulker	Requires a DEX score of 13 or higher. Ranged weapon attack doesn't reveal your position and possibility to hide in a lightly obscured area.
Stealthy	You know how best to hide. You gain the following benefits:  Increase your Dexterity score by 1, to a maximum of 20.  You gain proficiency in the Stealth skill. If you are already proficient in the skill, you add double your proficiency bonus to checks you make with it.  If you are hidden, you can move up to 10 feet in the open without revealing yourself if you end the move in a position where you’re not clearly visible.
Tough	Your hit point maximum increases by an amount equal to twice your level then by +2 at each level.
Type Adept	Choose one Pokémon type. Your moves of the chosen type ignore type resistance and treat any 1 on the damage dice as a 2.
Hidden Ability	Your Pokémon reaches inside itself to discover a new ability. It gains access to the Hidden Ability in its stat block.
Extra Move	Your Pokémon can know five total moves instead of four.
AC Up	Your Pokémon’s AC increases by 1. This bonus is included through a Pokémon’s evolutions.
Tireless	Your Pokémon endures hours of rigorous training which keep it in battle longer than the average Pokémon. Gain additional vitality points equal to half the Pokémon’s level, rounded up, times its vitality dice.
Terrain Adept	Your Pokémon is especially skilled when fighting on a specific terrain. Choose one of the following terrains when selecting this feat. Your Pokémon gains +2 to attack rolls when in this terrain. Terrains: Coastal, Swamp, Forest, Arctic, Desert, Grassland, Hill, Mountain, Underwater.
Combo Master	Your Pokémon is an expert in combining strikes against a foe. When this feat is selected, moves that have the ability to hit more than once, after the same attack roll, are guaranteed to hit at least twice. (Fury Swipes, Double Slap, Water Shuriken, etc.)
Able-Bodied	Your Pokémon's body is trained to learn from and fight off ailments for long periods of time. The status "grace period" for this Pokémon is extended by two rounds.
Power Sculptor	Your Pokémon is able to sculpt the power of their moves around their allies. For area of effect moves your Pokémon activates, choose 1 + MOVE allies in range to automatically succeed on their saving throw against taking damage or an effect. If the damage is halved for a successful save, they take no damage instead.
Melee Master	Your Pokémon is a master of close combat. Gain advantage on all attacks of opportunity. Before you make a melee attack, you can choose to take a -5 penalty to the attack roll. If the attack hits, you add +10 to the attack’s damage (Once per move).
Ranged Master	Your Pokémon is a sharpshooter. Your ranged attacks ignore half and three-fourths cover. Before you make a ranged attack, you can choose to take a -5 penalty to the attack roll. If the attack hits, you add +10 to the attack’s damage (Once per move).